weekends back here again go try this
field and ability a few times to try
this end of it see here we go now first
find of the day first coin as well and
just make up Sonia there go feeling this
is Victorian but ok badly is pitted and
can't even make our head there but I
presume it will be Victorian now I'll
carry on typical don't find anything for
a couple of hours and then to when just
moved what five meters from the last
corner and there's another one coughing
this one's probably more Georgian but
again more of a blank disc than anything
I think on one side doesn't just make
out the plutonium preps I'm cleaning run
a wire brush turn over L might make
something out anyway now keep going
practice more now as we looks picking up
oh I never go on about persevering and
keeping going there you go up in
detecting now what for four and a half
hours two coins and lots of junk but
there you go it's not hammered but
Georgia third sixpence and quite rubbed
smooth on the other side so i don't
think i'm going to get the date on it
but still nice enough corn brilliant i
am happy with that just keep going not
more mill silver i'm not quite sure this
is um got a date actually which is just
coming on d when you've got it and we
find it for me yeah
yeah desire to know where you can see at
the top 1674 not only as William I think
it was a bit who was the guy before them
the night and it's a wedge design on the
back I'm seeing this before and if it
was James or Charles a second I don't
know yeah look at that when I get back
makes things even that little bit more
exciting there you go obv six months I
presume let me carry on he a big large
Georgian probably button anchor on its
own possibly navel yeah thanks for um
yeah for a strange day another six
months Georgia third again yeah I'll get
the other one's own just to prove no
just find him yeah just put this down
let's pick you off Billy over there got
a feeling the one at the top feeling
that is James to the change of the
signal change I'm not sure and 1674 that
one this internet being quite a good day
billion well shaft and no days finished
without finding yourself a thumb button
there you go nukkad on the bottom but
not eat bird again I think it's a later
1i will seem quite even so what the
indentations that I say all right nice
and I fine I mean I can be fingers
crossed I can make something out when i
get home but i am open maybe my second
Roman bronze
I can't see anything on it at the moment
I'm thinking Roman rather me usual
George and stuff this is a lot bit
thicker and not quite perfectly round so
we'll have a look at that when i get
home on there hope so excellent